This vintage TV hearkens back to days of old and is ready for studio placement or for photography. Does produce 'snow' when plugged in and turned on.This vintage camera is a throwback to early photography and is in excellent shape. Tripod available upon request. Rental rates for this product coming soon.These classic games for the Atari gaming system adds that 1980's touch you're looking for. These games do work if inserted into a working console. Atari game console coming soon.The original portable sound system! This original boombox from days gone by will add that touch of authenticity for your production needs.The unit is fully functional.This classic rotary phone is fully functional and ready for placement for production work or photography. Other colors available and rental options coming soon.The original 'audio-on-the-go'!  This cassette tape will add that small detail to your set or overall production. All cassettes sold are in fully working order if needed.A good old-fashioned camera that utiizes film.  Fully functional and in good shape ready for your needs. Ideal for prop use or for actual photography.This vinatge toy is in good shape and still retains it's original color.  Other styles available upon request with more vintage items available soon.This classic sign is rustic and quite large measuring approximately 4 ft wide and 3 ft high.  Works as a prop or for 'man-cave' decorating!This Nintendo gaming system is fully functional and in good shape for it's age.  Various games available upon request.  Use as a prop or simply to enjoy nostalgia game-play.This nostalgic camera is fully functional and capable of recording.  Film not supplied.  An excellent choice as a prop for production use, photography, or for display.This beautiful alarm clock is an excellent shape with minor wear and scratches that adds to its look.  Fully functioning and ready for everday use or for production work.This unique barbershop box is truly a one-of-a-kind item!  Comes with classic barber blades and with a 'worn' look that adds to its patina.This production clapperboard is an older variety but still in use today.  Accepts chalk and has no issues.  An excellent choice for display or for actual studio work.This classic camera will stir up old memories and good times!  Tested and fully functioning but does not include film...coming soon.Truly a relic from times gone by!  This portable radio is small and fully functional for both AM and FM bands.  Excellent choice for everday use or for prop placment.Another vintage television set that is capable of creating white snow.  Bright orange color is typical for 70s style TVs and is quite unique.This mini-projector is fully functional and projects 35mm slides into large format on any smooth surface.  A classic look for architectural design, prop placement, or photography.This 'old-school' typewriter is just like the one Grandpa had in his study!  Fully functional with ribbon (not included).This vinatge item is quite small and acually is worn as a necklace or kept in a jacket pocket.  The watch does work and is in excellent condition.